feat: Support custom severity when reporting unused disable directives (#17212)
eslint/eslint: docs/src/use/command-line-interface.md

Inline configuration comments:
  --no-inline-config              Prevent comments from changing config or rules
  --report-unused-disable-directives  Adds reported errors for unused eslint-disable and eslint-enable directives

>   --report-unused-disable-directives-severity String  Choose what severity level that eslint-disable directives should be reported as

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  --report-unused-disable-directives-severity String  Chooses severity level for reporting unused eslint-disable and eslint-enable directives - either: off, warn, or error
```

This should be the same as in the output of `eslint --help`.

npx eslint --report-unused-disable-directives file.js
```

#### `--report-unused-disable-directives-severity`

> Same as [`--report-unused-disable-directives`](#--report-unused-disable-directives), but allows you to specify the severity level (`error`, `warn`, `off`) of the reported errors. Only one of these two options can be used at a time.

Reviewer: We should specify Argument Type here, see for example [`--cache-strategy`](https://eslint.org/docs/latest/use/command-line-interface#--cache-strategy).

Author: Added.
